[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Bruce Goldberg
has spent decades putting
people into a state of hypnosis
for every reason
from the mundane,
such as weight loss
and common fears,
to the phenomenon known
as alien abductions,
the fifth dimension,
and progressing
into the future of our species.
When exploring the
subconscious mind,
one never knows
what's going to show.
From his thousands
of case studies,
he has seen what he feels is
a clear portrait of our future
as a species here on Earth
and what may be playing out
in parallel realities
or universes.
All of it is
immensely fascinating.
And he's with us here today.
It's so good to meet you.
This is the first
time we've met.
>>BRUCE GOLDBERG: Yes.
It's a pleasure
to meet with you,
and looking forward to
educating the public
on a very fascinating
discipline.
>>REGINA: Oh, boy.
I hope you have very wide
boundaries, because we're
going into some terrain
that most people never
even consider.
>>GOLDBERG: My boundaries
are wider than a Super Bowl
stadium.
>>REGINA: You're right.
You're absolutely right.
So I think first
of all, let's just
get into some of the basics.
And that is after
all of these years,
just getting down
to the effect, what
do you see as the
primary advantage
in doing your work
in progression?
And talk about your history
in doing progression therapy.
Because this is
not normally done.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, I started
off doing past life regression
many years ago.
And then when I
asked a patient to go
to the origin of a problem,
she went to the 23rd century.
And that was--
nobody else had ever
written a book on future life
progression and hypnotherapy.
My very first book, "Past
Lives, Future Lives,"
was the first book
written in 1982.
So going into the
future gives them
empowerment, what I call
psychic empowerment,
because you can see the future,
and therefore future options.
And you can change the future,
and therefore help yourself.
The idea of doing all this,
of course, and everything
I deal with is accessing your
higher self and spiritually
evolving yourself, raising
the level of consciousness,
the quality of your subconscious
mind, to a higher level.
And that puts you on the
road towards ascension.
So that's really the big bottom
line to this whole field.
>>REGINA: And you
certainly are an example
of that which you speak of.
I've never seen anyone with
such an incredibly quick mind.
And I asked you off camera, do
you have a photographic memory?
And you said no.
But you're absolutely
present, and so you remember.
And most people do
not use their mind.
The vast majority of the
time we are slipping off
into alpha states and
other states of dreaminess
and really missing what's
going on in the moment.
>>GOLDBERG: This is the
advantage of hypnosis.
All hypnosis is self-hypnosis.
A natural daydream,
driving on the freeway--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG:
--watching TV, playing
with your computer, baking
cookies, whatever you're
doing that focuses
time, allows time
to go by quickly without
you realizing it,
and you're relaxed.
Now, that's a natural
example of a daydream,
which really is hypnosis.
It's an alpha brain
wave medically.
Now, one of the
characteristics of hypnosis
is focus concentration.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: So the
more people can focus--
and the problem most
people have today
is that they're too distracted.
And therefore, they
don't pay attention.
And that's why they look like
the absent minded professor.
They just can't remember things.
Now, one thing, I want to talk
about the future, just about
age progression.
I want to separate some terms.
Going into the
future lives is what
I call future life progression,
your next lifetime or beyond.
But age progression is
relevant to this current life.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: Back in 1996, I
worked with a young college
graduate.
It was June.
And she came to Los
Angeles from New York City.
She wanted to work with me
on out of body experiences.
And I said fine.
Now, when you go
out of the body,
you're in the
spacetime continuum.
You can perceive future events.
So while she was in my office
in Los Angeles for that week,
she was able to
see future events
that week that was going to
occur in LA, which did occur.
So she had a very
good track record.
She goes home.
Three weeks later,
she calls me up.
And she goes, I'm going
to Europe next week.
And I used your techniques.
And I wanted to see how
my Paris trip would be.
And I saw myself.
The plane takes off JFK,
immediately crashes.
I die.
Everybody dies.
What do I do?
I call her Tammy--
not her real name.
And I said, Tammy, I don't
want to change your life
or control your life.
Just change your flight
plans, and give me
a call at the end of the summer.
She did.
And she told me something
very fascinating.
She was going to go on TWA
Flight 800 July 17, 1996.
230 people all died, all
crew, all passengers.
The plane took off
JFK, immediately
crashed just like she perceived.
So Tammy, by seeing
into the future,
not only is it not dangerous,
but she saved her life.
And remember, everybody
out there, every viewer,
goes through hypnosis
for seven hours a day.
Four hours during the week,
broken up into bits and pieces.
Three hours during
their dream levels
at night, which is what
we call the REM cycle.
Without it, we would die of
a heart attack or a stroke.
We would die of stress issues.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: So hypnosis is
not dangerous, it's natural.
However, what I'm doing
with it is train them
for a different application--
>>REGINA: Yup.
>>GOLDBERG: --that
won't interfere
with the life preservation
processes, but allows
them to empower
themselves in their lives.
>>REGINA: Because
you don't seem to me
to be a person that
spends a lot of time
in the alpha state
in the daytime.
>>GOLDBERG: No, I do.
>>REGINA: You seem to
be so actively engaged.
>>GOLDBERG: I'm very active.
But you can be active
and be in alpha.
I can be playing tennis.
Or I can be--
>>REGINA: And still have
that relaxed state of mind.
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, yes.
I've done alpha techniques
when I've been on interviews.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
I was telling you off
camera that one time I
did a media tour for
one of my publishers,
including speaking engagements.
And I had no sleep for two days.
I was in alpha for about an hour
at a time taking a little rest.
It wasn't a sleep.
It was a super conscious
mind tap, as I call it.
And basically, it recharged me.
I was awake for
two straight days
and functioning well
on media interviews,
on speaking engagements, on
private sessions, et cetera.
So anyone can do it
if they're trained.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Clearly, you've
learned to master
your states of
consciousness very well.
And the whole subject
of progression
becomes interesting when
we start dovetailing it
with the notion of
alien abductions.
Now, this is a subject we
might as well launch into.
It has a tarnished
reputation at best
because the skeptic
societies and other groups
have made sure that people
put a very large giggle
factor around it.
Now, you have dealt
with this quite a lot.
And you also knew the
late Dr. John Mack,
who is a gentleman and
scholar at Harvard,
who embraced this
subject as well.
And I want to get into
some of the nature of it.
And although it's not
a common experience
for the average
person, I think it's
important to know
because it is giving us
glimpses into our potential as
a species and into our future.
So if we start diving into it--
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
>>REGINA: --give us an
idea of your background.
>>GOLDBERG: First, let's
separate abductions.
We have to deal with
some hard facts first.
Current estimates are there's at
least 7 to 8 million Americans
that have been abducted.
In 1987 the American
Psychological Association,
at their annual meeting,
presented research
on the psychological
profile of abductees.
And you know what
they found out?
They were nice, average
neurotic Americans no different
than anybody else.
They're not psychotic,
not schizophrenic.
So in other words, abductions
are not just weird people--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: --who
look for attention.
There's two kinds of abductions.
One is that there are
abductions from ETs,
the Greys that we mostly see.
The Zeta Reticulis or what
I call the Steven Spielberg
aliens, OK?
They represent the
current century.
They're not time travelers.
They are from the
current century.
>>REGINA: Now, are
you saying they're
from this time frame
or just this century?
>>GOLDBERG: They're
from this time.
>>REGINA: So they're from now.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, they
could be from the past, too.
But I mean, the ones
that are here now--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: --they've been doing
this for hundreds of thousands
of years.
>>REGINA: No, you just
introduced the notion
of time travel, which we
will get into in a bit.
>>GOLDBERG: We'll get there.
So let's separate--
so in other words,
a Zeta Reticuli from
the 21st century
is now going to abduct someone
for sperm and egg samples.
And they're going to
take them on a craft
or a military installation.
There's your conspiracy
aspect with the governments--
of all countries, by
the way, not just us.
And that's one thing.
Now, some of those
are not so cool
because they don't
really care about us.
They're looking for
their own survival,
because the Greys have a
lot of fertility problems.
And they're doing
research on us,
just like we would do
research on lower animals.
There isn't a lot of spiritual
growth with the current century
ETs.
However, there are about
15% of the abductions from
my research-- and I've been
doing this for a long time--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: --are actually
time travelers from our future.
I call them Chrononauts.
And the Chrononauts have four
different representatives.
In my book, just
for the viewers,
this is "Time Travelers
From Our Future."
>>REGINA: This is such
a fascinating book.
>>REGINA: I detail this in--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: But basically,
what you have is you
have the Greys, which are
3 to 5 feet tall, no ear
lobes, no hair, four
fingers and toes.
>>REGINA: Tiny little mouths.
>>GOLDBERG: Big almond eyes, OK?
Right?
And they wear jumpsuits,
one-piece jumpsuits,
and it's very significant.
They always have a
triangular design
if they're from the future.
If you see a futuristic person,
and they're driving a craft
or they have an insignia
on their uniform,
it's going to be a triangle.
That's very significant
for the future.
That's how you tell the
difference, one of them.
Anyway, those are the Greys.
They are sort of
like the gophers.
They're the lowest level
of a time traveler team.
The next one is the hybrids.
These are men about 5
to 6 feet tall, whitish
to bronzish skin tones
for the facial tone.
They look pretty human.
But they have these faceted
eyes and these odd foreheads.
So the closer you
get to a hybrid,
the more you realize you're
not in Kansas anymore.
Then there's the pure human,
who is the leader of the team.
>>REGINA: Before you
go there, the hybrid
is hybridized between an ET
species and a human species
from the future?
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
Right.
That's correct, from the future.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: You might say
the Grey ones-- you know,
people think the
Greys are aliens.
Actually, they're not.
They've been on this planet
for hundreds of years.
So you might say they
have their Grey card.
>>REGINA: Right.
Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: Now, the
pure human time traveler,
they're the leader.
They're 6 to 7 feet tall, blond,
blue-eyed, Caucasian mostly.
Of course, they kill
the other races.
That's why we have
mostly Caucasians.
They always wear a white robe
sometimes with a nice sash.
OK.
They communicate by telepathy.
So if you're in a military
base, or if you're
in a craft with a
time traveler team,
the communication will
almost always be telepathic.
Those are the three
major-- usually
have two Greys, a
hybrid, and a Caucasian,
or the pure human time traveler
will be your normal team.
These are in the early
phases of time travel
from the 31st to
the 34th century.
Time travel will be
established in the year 3,050,
give or take a few years,
by a man named Taatos.
OK?
And his first team, we
call them Chrononauts,
was Geb, Osiris, Isis,
and Taatos, and Horace.
>>REGINA: And we are going to
do an entirely separate show
on that.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
So we understand.
There's a reason why
we have the past that
is really related to the future.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
So now, there is a fourth
kind of time traveler
that is, you might
say, a criminal
coming in from the future
who is escaping the cops.
And those are the Reptilians.
Reptilians are always negative.
They're about 6 to 8 feet
tall, 250 pounds give or take.
Their skin colors range from
green to gray to blue to brown.
They don't have wings, like the
ones in the current century.
Those are the Drakos from
the Drako constellation.
The ones in the
future have no wings.
But they also can shapeshift.
And sometimes they
wear human-like skins
they can peel off to show
their reptilian persona.
They're evil.
They're nasty.
They're cannibalistic.
And they're not here
because they're invited.
They're here because
they're escaping
from the authorities
of the future.
>>GOLDBERG: This is
interesting because, of course,
well, most of us are familiar
with David Icke's work.
And he has taken such a
beating through the last couple
of decades as a result of
openly identifying them.
And he has dealt
with some people
who say, just as
you're talking about,
that they have seen them
shift from human personage
into their reptilian
personage underneath that.
And talk about giggle
factors, I don't
think anyone's been
laughed at more than David.
But you're saying that
you have experienced this
through the
regressions you've done
and the progressions
you've done repeatedly,
that these characters
have been here,
and essentially causing damage
to society for how long?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, for literally
hundreds of thousands,
if not millions of years.
Now, one thing we
should understand
about the reptilians,
the reason why
you don't hear many reports
about reptilians, most
of the reports are from
Greys or the Pleiadians.
You'll hear reports
about the Nordic types,
as they call them.
Those are the Pleiadians.
>>REGINA: Yeah, they say what?
>>GOLDBERG: You'll hear reports.
People report contact with them.
OK?
But you don't here many
Reptilian contacts,
because they're cannibalistics.
So they tend to
eat their mistakes.
>>REGINA: Oh, OK.
>>GOLDBERG: So
that's why they're
very rare in the reports.
By the way, it's
not just a question
of regressions and progressions,
in this case, progressions.
People can also be trained to
go into the fifth dimension--
>>REGINA: OK.
That's what I was
going to ask you next.
>>GOLDBERG: --and
contact them themselves.
>>REGINA: Now, the
Reptilians, it seems to me,
would have a very good reason
for staying under the radar.
They do not want us--
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
>>REGINA: -- to be aware
of what they're up to.
>>GOLDBERG: Of couse.
>>REGINA: So of course they
would be deliberately trying
to escape any kind of detection.
>>GOLDBERG: Of course.
>>REGINA: Now, I want to
get back to Zeta Reticulans.
I want to get back to the
Pleiadians and all of it.
>>GOLDBERG: By the way,
the Zeta Reticulis also
don't want to be detected,
because the Men in Black
would take them out.
>>REGINA: Right.
OK.
So we'll get back to them.
Now, just sticking with
the Reptilian and let's
talk about what
you just broached,
the subject of the
fifth dimension.
There's this misperception
people have that
because something belongs
to a particular dimensional
frequency, if it's higher
than the third or the fourth,
that it's automatically good.
That's not true.
It's a frequency range, right?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, it's
a frequency range.
But more importantly,
it's a dimensional range.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: The best way
to look upon it is this.
Now, in the "Exploring
the Fifth Dimension" book,
I talk about how people
can actually be trained.
And if they go to
my website, there's
an exercise called fifth
dimensional traveling.
You can go there.
>>REGINA: Yes, it's very clear.
>>GOLDBERG: When you go
into the fifth dimension,
you can see the time travelers.
They come back in time
through the fifth dimension.
I'll explain the
mechanics of that.
And they do that,
because when they're
doing that you can't see a
fifth dimensional being--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: --unless they come
down to the third dimension.
Now, we have three dimensions,
length, width, and breadth,
depth, OK?
>>REGINA: Arguably,
even fourth now.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, the
fourth dimension is time.
That's what the
physicists use for
their mathematical equations.
And then anything beyond
the fourth dimension,
such as the astral plane, mental
plane, all these dimensions,
or parallel universes,
which we'll get into, too,
those represent the
fifth dimension.
Now, if you're traveling in
the fifth dimension, which
time travelers will
do, they're invisible.
Because when they come
down to the Earth,
you're not going to
see a time traveler
go on CNN or in the
UN giving a talk.
If they do, the Men in Black,
the governments will kill them.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: Because
the government does not
want you to know about
ETs or time travelers.
They're very, very
paranoid about this,
all the governments,
not just our government.
>>REGINA: Yes, that's true.
>>GOLDBERG: So
therefore, they're
all going to be under the radar.
Now, if people want to
communicate with a time
traveler or get verification
of my work, all they have to do
is travel into the fifth
dimension where it's safe.
If they go into the
fifth dimension,
go out of their body, which is
perfectly safe-- one example,
when you go to sleep at night,
you dream for three hours.
It's called a REM cycle,
alpha brain wave medically.
That's an out-of-body
experience.
That's been demonstrated
by universities,
UCLA among others as an
out-of-body experience.
So if you do this
correctly, you can actually
go to the areas in
the fifth dimension
where you can meet
up with-- who can you
meet up in the fifth dimension?
Time travelers, spirit guides,
angels, your higher self,
departed loved ones, OK?
You can meet up with fellow
astral voyagers as I call them.
And you don't want to go
to the lower astral plane.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: This is the
answer to your question.
The only dimension out
there that's negative--
there's only two dimensions--
in my 13 dimension paradigm,
there's only two
that are negative.
The lower astral plane, which
is like psychic attackers,
the shadow people, people like
that that you've heard about,
and this dimension has
a lot of negativity.
All the other
dimensions are positive.
If you go to the
upper astral, you
can work with your higher self.
The causal, mental,
etheric, soul plane-- those
are all positive.
You can have a really good trip.
But if you go to the
lower astral, where people
tend to do mostly, the reason
being is because-- very
quickly, if they leave through
the first, second, or third
chakra when they go
to sleep at night,
the soul leaves the body.
And by the way, it
leaves a clone of itself,
so you're always protected.
You're not going to
be possessed at night.
Most people leave
through the third chakra,
the solar plexus,
the belly button.
And if they do that,
they have to go
to the lower astral plane.
If you leave through the heart,
the throat, the third eye,
or the crown,
preferably the crown,
you can only go to the upper
astral plane or beyond.
So I train people
to go through what
we call the higher
chakras, not the lower.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: They go
to the upper astral
or they can go to
the causal, where
they can read their
Akashic records.
Or they go to the mental plate.
They can meet religious
leaders, and they
can see the blue highways
of the mental plane.
You know you're on
the mental planes,
because all the roads are
blue, iridescent blue.
Go to the etheric plane, where
you can have etheric plane
surgery and actually
cure medical problems.
And then the soul plane,
where you reincarnate
and you choose your next life.
These dimensions
are all positive.
>>REGINA: They're all
these subtle aspects
of our multi-dimensional self.
>>GOLDBERG: But they're also
there for our spiritual growth.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Because here's the
thing about it.
When a person clinically
dies, they cross into spirit.
The reincarnation
cycle is actually
very detailed and
very well-known.
What happens is it's an
out-of-body experience.
They're going from
the physical plane.
And because people die in
fear, thanks to society
and they're own
prejudices, they're
going to go to the lower
astral for a while.
They're going to
hang out for a while.
And then they're going
to enter the white light
and go to the upper astral
where the higher self is now
going to help them.
And then they're
eventually going
to wind up in the soul plane.
Now, they're going to
reevaluate their life
and choose their next life.
So going out of the
body in these dimensions
is a natural process.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
We're doing it every day, every
night when we fall asleep.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, you don't
die every day hopefully.
>>REGINA: No.
We don't die.
But I mean in terms
of leaving the body.
Every night we're
doing this as we sleep.
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
And the purpose of
it is to recharge
our spiritual energies.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: Not just the
physical body with the enzymes
and hormones
replacing the cells,
it's also to recharge the
cosmic radiation, et cetera,
of our spiritual, of
our soul's energy.
Because what is the soul?
By the way, this is science.
I'm a scientist.
I've got three degrees
in the sciences.
The soul is
electromagnetic radiation.
And in fact, it can
influence living things.
William Tiller, the
Professor Emeritus
at Stanford
University, has shown
in his research in
his recent books
that the mind, the
subconscious mind,
can influence fly larvae,
bacteria growth, et cetera.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>GOLDBERG: And there's a
very interesting physicist
by the name of Eugene
Wigner, Nobel Prize Laureate.
This guy's no dummy.
And he states very simply
that if the mind is affected
by the universe but cannot, in
itself, affect the universe,
as in fifth dimensional
travel, teleportation,
parallel universe exploration,
that would be the only example
on this planet of a
one-way interaction,
which physicists
says is impossible.
There are always at least
two directional interactions.
So here's a Nobel Prize
Laureate to tell you that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: By the
way, one last thing
about Eugene Wigner
before you leave him.
He also, through the
use of quantum physics
and mathematical
equations, has demonstrated
that the universe does
have a perfect form
of universal consciousness.
You can call that God.
So quantum physics supports
the monotheistic aspect.
>>REGINA: Bernard Haisch.
God Theory.
I mean, there are a lot of
quantum physicists now--
>>GOLDBERG: Sure.
>>REGINA: --who are
jumping on board
and finding their own way
to articulate that subject
through their own various
experimentations and so forth.
>>GOLDBERG: The key issue
here is folks don't be afraid.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: Audience, do not be
afraid to go out of the body.
It's natural.
What you want to
do is control it.
And you want to use it
for your own growth.
Because most people, if they
go to the lower astral plane,
they're going to have
Darth Vader harassing them
for three hours.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
And they're not going to
want to do that one again.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, that's why
people wake up with nightmares.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: We have what
we call terrormares.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: Kids have it.
But adults have it, too.
They wake up.
It's like, oh, I don't
want to go back to sleep.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: This monster
was attacking me.
They're sweating.
Meanwhile, what
they did was they
were on the lower astral plane.
>>REGINA: I mean,
isn't that really,
if you were looking at it as an
allegory, what hell would be--
>>GOLDBERG: Well, no
that's-- actually--
>>REGINA: --ending up
in the lower astral?
>>GOLDBERG: Actually,
hell was actually-- well,
we talk about this with
the Egypt situation.
Hell was invented by the
Egyptian Mystery School priests
in 3100 BC when they unified
Egypt to control the masses,
because they have 500
gods in Northern Egypt
and of 500 gods in the Southern.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: But basically,
if you go to the lower astral
plane, you would think
that you were in Hell.
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm saying.
I think that's functionally--
that plane is functionally
what people are
coming back with.
>>GOLDBERG: But the difference
is you can get out of it.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
You're not there forever.
>>GOLDBERG: You can't
get out of hell,
but you get out of
the lower astral.
>>REGINA: OK.
Well, thank you for
setting all that up.
I appreciate that.
Now, I want to get back into
the experience people are having
with these various
types of entities--
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
>>REGINA: --so we can
kind of get a portrait
from the lowest, which are
the Reptilian, to the highest
experience they're having.
And we're going to get into a
couple of case studies as well.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
>>REGINA: So as far as wrapping
up the Reptilian issue,
with people that have gone
into contact with them,
what is the experience
they've had?
What are they bringing
back in fullness?
>>GOLDBERG: Not a very good one.
First of all, most of
them don't survive.
And the ones that do survive--
you have to understand,
Reptilians are cousins
of the Zeta Reticuli.
They are related genetically.
Actually, so are the Pleiadians.
Interesting, but that's a whole
different positive mindset
to them.
The Reptilian contact
is never good.
OK?
These are negative entities.
They're trying to
manipulate, control.
They are not here for
your spiritual growth
under any circumstance
even in the future.
They're not members of
any time travel team.
So if anybody has a
contact with a Reptilian,
you want to do a Dionne
Warwick and walk on by.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: Get out of there
as quickly as possible.
>>REGINA: Don't engage.
>>GOLDBERG: Don't engage
even though they may try--
>>REGINA: Don't become fearful.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, they
can try to play games.
They can try to schmooze.
Don't do that.
Just keep away from them.
If you confront them, they
won't do anything really crazy
because they don't
want to be known.
Remember, they're
going to be obvious.
If there's a Reptilian on
the 14th Street highway,
they're kind of hard
to hide, you know?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: Then
again, some of them
shape shift and have
human-like skin,
so they can try to blend in.
>>REGINA: But they
have these eyes.
>>GOLDBERG: The
vertical pupils, yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: And the
lizard-like skin don't forget.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: The lizard-like
skin is also another thing.
It's very difficult when
you go against our skin
to a lizard-like skin.
So you can touch them.
You can realize that
something's wrong.
>>REGINA: Yeah, but best not to.
>>GOLDBERG: Best not to.
>>REGINA: Don't pet them.
>>GOLDBERG: Keep away.
>>GOLDBERG: Don't pet them, yes.
Don't feed them
any fruit either.
So the Reptilians are
just like, move on there.
Now, as far as case
histories, time travelers
are very interesting.
Remember these are
called Chrononauts.
They come back in time.
There's a case I talk
about in the time travelers
book of Wendy.
She was a very depressed woman.
She was a compulsive
eater, depressed.
And in between the
time she was seeing me
for regular superconscious
mind tap hypnosis therapy,
she was being abducted
in between sessions.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: So she's
taken aboard a craft.
And there's a-- of
course, eventually
there is the time
traveler, the human,
who's in a conference room.
And he's telepathically
communicating with her,
and he's showing her
holograms of her past lives.
And he's trying to
educate her spiritually.
This is not a
negative experience.
So he's showing
her where she was
a cave woman getting killed.
She was in ancient Rome,
in the Middle Ages.
Every one of her lives
ended negatively.
She was just destroyed,
abandoned, mutilated, whatever.
And as he's showing her--
so in between sessions,
so I'm seeing her, she goes,
Doctor, I was abducted again.
And I said, look, it's
a positive experience.
Why don't you do
something-- since you
can't stop the
abductions, why don't you
just ask a few questions?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: She goes,
I can't do that.
I said, yes, you can.
And I said, well, I
should clarify one point.
During these abductions, the
time traveler, the human, 6,
7 feet tall, he's
getting very emotional.
As he's showing
her all the scenes,
he's starting to almost well up.
And she goes, that's really odd.
Because usually, these are
very hard-nosed scientists,
very objective,
very unemotional.
I said, why don't you ask
him what's the problem?
Why is he so involved?
And she says, all right.
So the last time she
was abducted he's
presenting her with the thing.
And she says my
doctor wants to know
why you're so
personally involved.
And he said, because,
Wendy, you're my
great-great-great-great-great-great-great
grandmother.
>>REGINA: Aw.
Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: Not only
time travelers trace you
in past lives-- they do.
They trace you in past lives.
But they're allowed to
work with their ancestors.
And they did.
Now, he also said-- during
her last session with him--
he said, you're
going to meet a man
with red hair driving
a white Corvette.
And this is going to be a
very significant relationship.
And she thought, what is
this, a dating service?
What are you, crazy?
Well, a year and a half after
we were done with therapy,
she called me up.
And she said, I met Frank.
He's got red hair.
He drives a white Corvette.
And we are engaged.
And they got married
the following year.
And eventually, they're going
to give rise to a time traveler,
a Chrononaut.
>>REGINA: OK.
Two things I want
to get into just
so you can lay a
little foundation.
The whole notion
of time travel has
been fairly well established in
the world of quantum physics.
Even Stephen Hawking
finally had to come away
from his prior position and
talk about this infinity--
>>GOLDBERG: Well, Kip
Thorne is the key.
Kip Thorne, he had a bet
about several things.
Kip Thorne's smarter
than Stephen Hawkins.
Kip Thorne won the bets.
But Kip Thorne did
something else.
In September of 1988, there's
a very technical journal
called "The Physical
Review Letters."
He wrote an article about
worm holes, et cetera,
and about time travel as a
favor to the late Carl Sagan.
Because his novel "Contact--"
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: --was being written.
And he wanted it to be
technically accurate.
This is a scientific article,
hard-nosed scientific article
written 24 years ago.
>>REGINA: Kip Thorne?
>>GOLDBERG: Kip Thorne,
Caltech astrophysicist.
And that article
demonstrates the concept
of time travel being
theoretically possible,
enlarging a wormhole, lining
it with exotic matter,
all the things we know about.
And he said in his article,
an advanced civilization
in the future would be able to
have the technology to do this.
It requires a lot of energy,
which we can't do now.
It also requires
exotic energy, which
has negative mass,
which we don't have now.
But this article has been
challenged by many people.
Nobody have disavowed it.
That article stands as a
classic in the literature.
So in the time travelers book,
I give the scientific reference.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: It's in there, too--
>>GOLDBERG: --if
they want to read it.
>>REGINA: So I just
wanted to bring that up.
>>GOLDBERG: So it is
hard-nosed science.
>>REGINA: Because this
isn't something that's--
>>GOLDBERG: It's
not science fiction.
This is hard-nosed,
established, scientific.
Quantum physics,
quantum mechanics,
astrophysics all support
the concept, theoretically,
of time travel by
enlarging worm holes.
And I'll show you how the time
travelers actually do that.
>>REGINA: Very good.
And that's why I
wanted to bring it up.
It's not just a
matter of hearsay
through regressions
and progressions.
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
>>REGINA: The other point I
wanted to bring up is what you
just hit on a moment
ago when he said,
you're my
great-great-great-great-great-great
grandmother.
And that is-- A lot of
these-- And this is something
that I felt had truth in
it about 20 years ago as I
was listening to this and
reading some of these books.
The individuals that have
these abduction experiences
generally have given a
permission on a soul level.
There's another
agreement going on
that their conscious
mind is not aware of.
>>GOLDBERG: Not all
of them, though.
Some of them are just-- no.
That's only true on--
>>REGINA: Most of them.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, there's a
certain percentage of them.
That's a karmic indication.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: But some
of them are just
in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
>>REGINA: Yes.
But I wanted to--
>>GOLDBERG: And they're the
ones that are traumatized.
And they're the ones that
have the post traumatic stress
disorder.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: OK?
Because I work
with lots of those,
hundreds of those
over the years.
>>REGINA: And the
others have actually--
maybe they're going through
this and having the same kind
of stress, but have
no remembrance--
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
>>REGINA: --that they
have this agreement.
They just don't know
on a conscious level.
>>GOLDBERG: Right, of course.
>>REGINA: So you've got
a little bit of both.
It's not always just at
gunpoint, so to speak.
So let's talk about, now, going
from the Reptilian experience
you were talking about
to Zeta Reticuli.
And I've forgotten the name of
the documents-- they're still
on the web-- of the group
of six or seven individuals,
and I believe they
were are military,
that were taken
to Zeta Reticuli.
And they were worked
with on their planet.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
I'm not familiar with that.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: But I'll
tell you one thing.
The government sure isn't
going to acknowledge it.
You know?
>>REGINA: Well,
I'll dig this up.
>>GOLDBERG: You're not going
to see that on CBS News.
I can tell you that.
>>REGINA: No, your'e not.
And they talk about
their experience
of what they were shown,
what they were taught.
And there have even
been some people's work
indicating that those beings are
also genetically linked to us
from the future.
And you're saying that
is not true or is true?
>>GOLDBERG: No, it can be.
Look, let's go back.
>>REGINA: You said they lost
their fertility abilities.
They've lost their
digestive tracts.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, they're
having lots of difficulties.
Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: And
therefore, they need
to have some of our
genetics to compensate.
Let's go back to
President Eisenhower.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: In-- what was it--
1954, he was in California.
And he was called in to
the Edwards Airforce Base.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: And that was
the deal that was made.
The ETs, the Greys,
wanted to do abductions.
And they said, we'll
make you an exchange.
You let us abduct some of your
citizens, some of them that
didn't make soul contracts, OK?
And we will give you technology.
And if you look at the
spikes of technology
in the last 100
years, they've always
correlated with
UFO observations.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: 1895, 1896, many
cities in the United States
had-- they didn't
call them UFOS,
but they were UFO sightings,
reported in newspapers
all over the country.
Kitty Hawk, 1903, airplanes, OK?
The Roswell, 1947, in July.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: Roswell, New
Mexico, computers going crazy.
Shrinking them, a
massive expansion.
'54, '73, all of the massive
UFO sightings and the numbers,
the volume of numbers.
And with those came
advances in technology.
So it looks like
the deal was made.
And it looks like
somebody is-- the problem
is they made a few more
abductions than they
were supposed to.
And they violated the contract.
OK?
>>REGINA: This is documented.
Philip Corso's work,
its documented there.
>>GOLDBERG: The late
Philip Corso, yes.
>>REGINA: Phil Schneider.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
>>REGINA: Same thing.
>>GOLDBERG: Many people have.
So, but getting back to the idea
of the government mentality,
too, is that remember,
the government's
never going to
admit to anything.
They don't even admit
that there are UFOs.
The Mexican government
is much more open minded
and so is South America.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: Chilean and others,
they're much more open to it.
>>REGINA: Brazil.
>>GOLDBERG: They have
their military people
talking about this.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: But our
government, they just
have the Men in Black mentality.
They just don't believe
in-- they're paranoid,
and they want to control.
And they don't trust the public.
They think everybody's
going to panic,
which is not true at all.
But the point is is that these
Zeta Reticulis now, remember,
they are working with us.
So here's an example.
One of my cases in "Time
Travelers From Our Future"
is a woman who is abducted.
Sperm and egg samples are taken.
And when she was a young girl,
she was like 16 years old,
she was pregnant supposedly.
>>REGINA: Was this Tina?
>>GOLDBERG: Tina.
>>REGINA: The case of Tina?
OK.
>>GOLDBERG: And
she was pregnant.
And all of a sudden, she goes
to a gynecologist a couple weeks
later, and she says,
we did the sonograms,
and you're no longer pregnant.
There was no blood.
There was no tissues being lost.
What happened to the fetus?
She said, I don't know.
All I know is
you're not pregnant.
And go on with your life.
Well, so years go by.
Now, she has other abductions.
Finally, she's taken
to a military base
with Air Force
uniforms, et cetera.
>>REGINA: Yup.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
So we've got a conspiracy here.
And she is taken on a
tour of this military base
where they're like half human,
half ET or Zeta Reticuli
fetuses.
And then finally, she's
shown her daughter.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: Her hybrid daughter.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
And it was like they were
telepathically communicating,
at least the daughter was.
And that was a daughter
who was about 16 years old,
because that was x
number of years ago.
So this is an example of how
the hybridization comes in,
how the interbreeding
is coming in.
And the history of our
species if you go through it
with Altantis and
the Lemuria, we all
have extraterrestrial genetics.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: It's a
question of degrees.
>>REGINA: Nobody's
really from here.
No one's indigenous.
>>GOLDBERG: There's
no such thing.
We're all mutts.
>>REGINA: We're all mutts.
Well, I interviewed a
woman named Kim Carlsberg.
And she had had a lifelong--
well, for probably 15,
20 years anyway-- of
this same experience.
And over time-- and
she was terrified.
It ruined her life.
Her bodily cycles
weren't working properly.
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
>>REGINA: Same thing.
She was pregnant,
then not pregnant.
Seemingly pregnant,
And she had recall of
the abduction experiences
and ultimately, the
same thing happened.
She was introduced to her
daughter, who at the time
was 14 years old.
She was a hybrid.
She looked very much like
her, only paler, thinner,
and had a very high IQ.
And telepathically,
when they communicated,
the girl felt very badly for
leaving her mother behind.
But the Greys that were involved
with the cloning-- not cloning,
but the genetic
engineering project--
were saying to her very proudly,
we're so proud of this girl.
Because you don't
understand what it takes.
And they showed her
other malformed beings
that had happened--
>>GOLDBERG: Sure.
>>REGINA: --in
their attempts to--
>>GOLDBERG: The experiments
that didn't work out.
>>REGINA: The experiments
They said we've
been doing this--
>>GOLDBERG: It's like "The
Island of Doctor Moreau"
here coming actually.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And they were explaining to
her, we need this for ourselves.
>>GOLDBERG: Now, remember,
telepathic communication
is critical.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: Because
your average person
doesn't go around telepathically
communicating, see?
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>GOLDBERG: But the
ETs can master that.
And so did the Time Travelers.
And--
>>REGINA: And this girl.
This daughter was
doing the same.
>>GOLDBERG: So that's
another evidence--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: --that
this is not just
somebody playing games with her.
You can't fake telepathy.
>>REGINA: Well, and she
felt this overwhelming love
for this hybrid girl.
>>GOLDBERG: Right, of course.
Why should she?
I mean, it's a
maternal instinct.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So that, too.
The feelings were
this wasn't a joke.
It wasn't a hologram.
It was something she
was very tied to.
But it was very similar
to Tina's experience.
And again, this whole
thing about, as you say,
they have in the future lost
their ability to procreate.
Essentially, they're not
very fertile anymore.
>>GOLDBERG: Right,
they're panicking.
They don't want
to become extinct.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: That's
the whole point,
the survival of the species.
>>REGINA: So they're looking
to vitalize their own space.
>>GOLDBERG: By the
way, another thing,
just a little scientific
thing about fifth dimension.
There's a gentleman who's
a Professor of Mathematics
at Brown University.
His name is Thomas Banchoff.
And what Thomas has done is
he's developed software programs
to get images of
the fifth dimension
onto two dimensional
computer screens.
And he goes around the
country giving talks.
He's an academic guy.
He's speaking to his colleagues.
This isn't just a
lay presentation.
So we now have further evidence
of the fifth dimension.
They call them
higher dimensions.
>>REGINA: That's wonderful.
>>GOLDBERG: But that's
the fifth dimension.
He teaches differential
geometry at Brown University.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, let's take that
and then go into-- we've
gone through the Reptilians.
We've gone through the
Greys a little bit.
Now, anything else you want
to share about the Greys?
I mean, again, the
same portrait comes up
with John Mack's work,
Kim Carlsberg, your work,
that there's not a lot
of empathy for the people
that have been abducted.
It's just a job.
>>GOLDBERG: No,
they're very cold.
They don't have the same
kind of nervous system as us.
They don't cry and tear up.
But one thing, just for the
benefit of the audience,
if you're ever abducted out
there in television land,
there are many ways you
can prevent an abduction.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: So let's say
you've got the Greys.
They have the stare, the
hypnotic stare they talk about.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: And they
paralyze the person.
Number one, you want to use
St. John's wort as an herb.
And you can rub your body
with pennyroil as an oil.
That's one thing.
You may not have that around.
But if you wear iron, especially
a religious crucifix or some
religious in iron,
salt, and magnets.
They can't take that.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: Another thing is
you confront them and say, yo,
I don't want to be abducted, OK?
Not going to happen.
>>REGINA: Be proactive.
>>GOLDBERG: That's right.
Be New York about it, OK?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: Develop an attitude.
They don't like that.
They're very wimpy about it.
That won't fight you.
They aren't going to tackle you.
>>REGINA: So they really deal
more off of passivity and fear.
>>GOLDBERG: Very much passive.
>>REGINA: And fear.
>>GOLDBERG: Because
they're frail.
Don't forget, they're
very frail beings.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: They're very-- what
do they weigh, like 80 pounds?
You know what I mean? so they
can't really beat us up, OK?
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: But if they
see a confrontation,
you know what they do?
They walk on by and go to
somebody who won't do that.
So basically, you confront
them, the iron, et cetera,
the magnet, the salt, whatever.
You do all that.
You can use white
light protection,
spiritual protection techniques.
You can focus on one of
your fingers or toes,
especially your fingers.
Just focusing on it,
you're breaking the stare.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: They can't
work with you that way.
They can't paralyze you.
So there's lots of ways you can
do this to prevent and stop it
in the intermediary.
Now, one thing I
should tell people
out there who try to do
really stupid things.
One of my patients
says, you know,
I'm going to bring a digital
camera or my cell phone.
You think they don't
understand that concept?
You can't photograph.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: And you
can't bring a cell
phone or a digital camera or
one of those spy microphones.
Forget it.
It's not going to happen.
>>REGINA: Not going to work.
And besides, it's telepathic.
OK.
Now, another understanding
here, let's go back to Tina
for just a moment
before we move on.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
>>REGINA: At the end of all
these years of experience, what
they were doing
simultaneously to somehow,
I guess, sweeten the pot
a bit, and also maybe it's
part of the deal, is to show
her what the Earth was going
through, what was needed, what
the future was going to hold.
And she walked away, ultimately,
after meeting the daughter,
feeling as though her
world had been greatly
expanded, her own ability--
>>GOLDBERG: And her
own spiritual growth.
>>REGINA: And her
Yes.
And her capabilities.
>>GOLDBERG: Because
the purpose of the time
travelers is always
to facilitate
our spiritual growth.
>>REGINA: Except for Reptilians.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, yeah.
But those aren't real time--
they're like stowaways.
OK?
So I don't really count them.
But the time travelers,
what's their incentive?
Because they're
us in the future.
So the better we
are as a society,
the easier it's
going to be on them.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: Because
we could mess things
up for them big time.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: We could
have nuclear wars.
We can do some
really dumb things,
which will affect the future.
But Tina, as well as
Wendy, by the way,
too, as well as the other dozens
and dozens of time traveler
abductees I've
worked with, they've
all benefited
spiritually from this.
OK?
In many cases, Wendy
overcame depression
and compulsive overeating.
And they all have their issues.
Tina had her issues, too.
They all have issues.
That's why they come
to me as a therapist,
for soul healing as I call it.
But my point is
but the interaction
with the time traveler
teams always benefits them.
Now, people who interact
just with the Greys
from this century
aren't always benefited.
You do get post
traumatic stress.
>>REGINA: Diffferent
experience, yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: And you have people
with negative experiences.
But the time travelers
are really the key.
Because they're
us in the future.
And they want to help us.
And they give us our
technology as we'll
see with Egypt and all
the other civilizations.
And to me, don't be
afraid of time travelers.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's go to the
hybridized time travelers,
the ones that are coming that
are part-human, part-alien.
You said once you
get up close, you
can see their foreheads
are different and so forth.
>>GOLDBERG: And
the faceted eyes.
>>REGINA: And the
eyes are different.
So let's talk about
that particular group,
how they function, how
they're perceived when people
are in these progressions,
and what they bring.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
First, what happens is, you
have to understand, the time
traveler team-- now, we have
to separate time travelers
from two phases.
One is the first
phase of time travel.
Kip Thorne's article does give
some of the mechanics of it.
But the futuristic Taatos,
the man in the year 3050
who develops it, develops what's
called the Wormhole Linear
Accelerator or what
they call the WLA.
And what the Wormhole
Linear Accelerator does
is enlarges a wormhole
to classic size, which
is what Kip Thorne
says is possible
if you've got the energy
and the technology,
which we don't have yet.
And then the craft goes in there
with the time traveler team.
OK.
The problem in doing
that is you cause
a tear in the fabric of
spacetime every time you
do that.
So what that means, we
have weather problems, we
have earthquakes, tsunamis.
Fish fall from the sky.
You know those stories, the
14 phenomena we call that.
Those are all
due-- many of those
are due to these tears in
the fabric of spacetime.
That will be stopped
in the 35th century.
And I'll tell you in a
moment how that happens.
But basically what happens
is you have two Greys.
They are the gophers.
They are the lowest
level of the team.
They will do the dirty work.
They will do the abductions.
They will clean the restrooms.
>>REGINA: Worker bees.
>>GOLDBERG: The
worker bees, right.
The hybrids are the
supervisors to them.
They'll be the technicians
running the studies,
or running the
tests on the things,
getting things done
on a higher level.
And then the big
cheese is the human,
the pure human is the
one who correlates them.
He is the one who
will interview them
in the conference room
or the military base.
He's the one who will maximize
most of their spiritual growth,
show them the holograms of their
past lives, as we shall see.
And he correlates everything
and gets everything together.
He spends most of the time
with the abductee in educating
them and helping them with
their own spiritual growth.
And there are devices they use
to cleanse the soul, to raise
the consciousness level, healing
as well as spiritual growth.
So the hybrids really
are-- they're supervisors.
But they're really technicians.
The pure human time traveler
is the one that really counts.
>>REGINA: But their actions
are generally taken away
as positive--
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: --on the person
that's gone through this.
>>GOLDBERG: And the Greys are
positive on the time traveler
team, too.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: Sure.
They're all positive.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, let's move up to more
of the Pleiadian, the Nordic,
and also the pure humans.
And talk about what that means
to be pure human in the future.
Because the Pleiadians are
the most like us, right?
>>GOLDBERG: The Pleiadians,
they're not really
part of the time traveler team.
The Greys are.
Pleiadians live in the
Pleiadian constellation.
They come here.
But they're not functioning as
time travelers per-- they're
gatekeepers.
They can go back and forth.
But they're not part
of the government team.
That's what I'm talking about.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: I'm
talking about the team.
OK.
As far as the pure
human, how's this?
My very favorite century,
which I described in the time
travelers book in detail,
is the 35th century.
It's the highest level of
technological and spiritual
growth of any century
in human history.
Now, what's the 35th
century citizen like?
They work about 15 hours a week.
They have plenty of free time.
They live to be between
500 to 900 years young.
OK?
>>REGINA: Kind of
like in the deep past.
>>GOLDBERG: And when you're
600 or 700 years old,
you only look about 300.
So it looks pretty good.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It looks pretty good.
The new 30.
>>GOLDBERG: They're
very spiritual.
There's no poverty.
There's no unemployment.
There's no diseases.
Cancer, AIDS, they're all gone.
They have a beautiful
spiritual life.
The world is very positive,
and the technology.
Here's some technology
from the future.
This is, I think, really cool.
Taatos, the 31st
century-- he was
like the da Vinci of his time.
He was a physician,
he was a philosopher,
archaeologist,
anthropologist, you name it.
They memorialize him what's
called The Land of Taatos.
It's an amusement park.
But what it is, it floats about
3,000 feet above the Earth,
has a force field around it, so
you can't fall over the edge.
And what you do there--
There aren't rides there.
What you do is you
go up there, and you
go back to the Renaissance
for the weekend.
You do time travel.
So it's called The
Land of Taatos.
A very interesting device, it's
called a alphis equiliarium.
It's a device that sends
both light and sounds
and light energy
through the body,
stimulating the adrenal
glands of the gonads, which
produces the hormone DHEA, which
becomes either testosterone
in men or estrogen in women.
Intermediary, it fights cancer
by stimulating the T cells,
T lymphocytes.
So what happens is that
by stimulating the DHEA,
you can build up the immune
system, which is why we age.
So if you do this alphis
equilarium, what happens
is you're going to slow down
the aging process significantly.
So they live to
be 500 years old.
Then one of the other
machines they have,
let's say your in the kitchen.
And you want a chicken sandwich.
OK?
You go to a machine,
looks like a microwave.
Except, you think I
want a chicken sandwich.
Your thought waves creates
the chicken sandwich.
I call this the
mindwich machine.
OK?
And it's a food processor.
But the food is
perfectly nutritious.
You can eat as much as you want.
You won't gain weight.
And so it's all done
by thought energy.
OK?
You could have a
room-- let's say
you have a very small apartment.
You can use technology
to lengthen it,
so that you can store all
kinds of objects there.
Make it gigantic
like a warehouse,
and then shrink it down
to its regular size.
And you can have, like,
the holodeck on Star Trek
if you remember that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: You
could have things
like that for entertainment.
So people can
relax and chill out
without having to go on
vacations or to go places.
In your home, you're going to
have a teleportation device.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: This is for
local teleportation,
by the 25th century, by the way.
So you can teleport across
town or across the country
or across the world in
your teleportation device.
So there will be teleportation.
But now, by the 35th century,
the biggest century in my world
here--
>>REGINA: And this
is-- many people
have looked into this century.
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: Many.
>>GOLDBERG: Let
me just complete--
and I'll give you
the corroboration.
>>REGINA: Yes, OK.
>>GOLDBERG: In the 35th
century, teleportation
will now be the
mode of time travel.
The advantage of that, we
have this little-- looks
like a little transistor
radio on their belt.
And it's got like a
little red dot to them,
so a time traveler can
make sure they're alive.
If the red dot is
active, they're alive.
So make sure they
don't get killed
by somebody else
in another century.
The teleportation, they
push a button, literally,
and they're back in time.
No tears in the
fabric of spacetime.
It's very
environmentally positive,
you see, compared
to the other ways.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Interesting.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
Now, as far as
the corroboration,
people say, where do you
get this information?
Because as far as I
know, I'm the only one
in the world that
I know of that has
active cases, clinical cases,
of real time travelers.
Now, when I wrote "Time
Travelers From Our Future,"
I received, oh, about 30 or
40 different people giving me
the same scenarios.
They had no contact
with each other.
They were from all
over the world.
I have an international
practice, Australia,
South America, Europe,
Canada, you name it.
So this is called Watley's
Law of Evidence in science.
Watley's Law of Evidence
says that-- this
is a hard-nosed law,
not a theory-- if people
from all over the world
describe the same phenomena
with no contact,
it must be true.
So Watley's Law of Evidence
would support my time traveler
paradigms.
And there are people--
Bentwater, England in 1980
between December 26th
and December 28th, 1980,
there was a UFO sighting
by the military.
And there was a Sergeant
James Penniston,
who came forward
many years later.
And he said, yeah.
There was a big sighting.
And not only did
they sight the UFO,
but he reported time travelers.
He reported people
from 1,000 years
in the future who were
telepathically communicating.
And they were talking
about how they
make many errors in their
time traveler experiments,
because the beginning
time travelers do
make a lot of errors.
They're kind of like ingenues.
And so that was
one corroboration.
And then in November
1980, the MUFON Journal
reported a case that occurred on
July 4, 1980 in a Naval airbase
in Catania in Italy.
And what happened there, they
described these two giant time
travelers, people, or let's just
say beings with white robes,
with these little Greys.
They called them the Jesus
Christ types they called them.
They were wearing white
robes with sashes.
And they were
communicating by telepathy,
all the MOs of a
time traveler team.
Twice, military reports.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: And you know how
hard-nosed the military is.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: So my
point is-- and there
are other people who
have corroborated
what looks like time travelers.
But nobody has ever dealt
with them in the detail I do.
And I'm trying to
get more people
to do so, which is why
I write these books.
>>REGINA: So now the people
that you're talking about
have human form.
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, yes.
>>REGINA: They are still the
pure human, but in the future.
>>GOLDBERG: They're human.
>>REGINA: And
because some people
talk about visions in which
they see humans essentially
atrophying into more of
what looks like Greys.
We become hairless again.
Our digestive tracks
shrivel up and on and on.
You're saying no.
This is still the
pure human intact.
>>GOLDBERG: No.
We don't evolve--
actually, I'll tell
you something
about the evolution
here, because I've
read the studies, too,
more details of this.
When you look upon
humans evolving,
they don't evolve into Greys.
Actually, it looks like more
Reptilian than the Greys.
They have this like--
well, what they
say is it's not so
much our evolving.
They say, like, if you take a
dinosaur from 65 million years
ago, if they were
around today, they
would look like a Reptilian.
They would be a
human-like figure,
but they would have
the Reptilian aspect.
Now, our species, if we're
going to evolve into anything,
it's going to be Pleiadian.
It's going to be more
the Nordic types.
>>REGINA: Right, which is
still very human looking.
>>GOLDBERG: Even though
we have ET genes,
remember, the
Pleiadians are ETs, too.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: So their genes
are very simpatico to us.
They could have a
role on "90211."
I mena, they look very human.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>GOLDBERG: So I
wouldn't look upon us--
our future is actually
quite positive.
Contrary to what most
people are getting now,
is all the negative
stuff, the gloom and doom,
episodes of "Fringe,"
where observers
take over the world from the
future-- forget that, folks.
This is going to be
a very-- this century
is a tough century.
When you get beyond
this century,
it's going to be Star Trek
time without the evil guys,
you know?
>>REGINA: Well, and they say
the military has technologies
that are at least 100 years
in advance of what we're privy
to right now anyway.
So then exponentially, just
like the computer industry,
that has to be growing.
>>GOLDBERG: Remember,
everything goes military first.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: When the
Kitty Hawk occurred,
Teddy Roosevelt said we want
those for the military first.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>REGINA: When
computers were set up,
the first emails
were all military.
The corporations weren't given
it till many years later.
So military always
gets top priority.
And for national security,
you can understand that.
If they would just lose their
paranoia, I'd like them.
>>REGINA: Yeah, no kidding.
One time a few years ago, I
did a little brief progression.
And it was a group progression.
And I've done loads and loads
of regressions over time
into different parts of
history and snooped around.
But in this one, it was a
very beautiful way of living.
We were living in
harmony with nature.
Nature had revived itself.
It had not been destroyed.
It had been revived.
And it was verdant.
It had a great variety of
all the herbs and plants
that we needed and could
choose where we wanted to be.
And what you were
saying about homes,
it was a little bubble home that
we could move where we wanted.
If you needed to be
in an environment that
was a little more moist or
needed the herbs in an area,
you could move your home.
>>GOLDBERG: And remember,
with the mindwich machine,
you don't worry about
the food supplies.
OK?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: And the
population-- by the way,
I should tell you, too, in the
future-- I've done progressions
to the 50th century.
We're still going to be here.
You have a population
of the world
by the 35th century of
less than a billion people.
And the reason why you have
one seventh the population
now is not because of wars
or nuclear wars or diseases
or ET attacks of the planet.
It's because people just
don't have more than a couple
of kids.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: Most of the
population of our planet
are due to third world nations
with 10 kids per family
or more.
>>REGINA: For survival, yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
they're also farmers.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: They get guaranteed
labor for their farms.
>>REGINA: Exacty.
>>GOLDBERG: But here,
the average person
is gonna have maybe-- the
average family maybe two kids.
>>REGINA: You won't need
to have a whole lot of kids
to farm the land for you.
>>GOLDBERG: So we're going
to have less population,
but it's quality, not quantity.
You're not going to
have starving people.
You're not going to have
people dying of hunger
and causing wars because
of that or terrorism
or any of those factors.
They're going to be all gone.
And you're going to have a much
more positive, more spiritual
base.
You're not going to have the
paranoid governments either.
You will have governments.
>>REGINA: That's what I
resonate with, absolutely.
>>GOLDBERG: But
they're going to be
more positive and
more altruistic.
>>REGINA: Working
for the people.
>>GOLDBERG: --rather than
the stuff that we have now.
Right.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And that's what many,
many different groups
and well-known entities have
talked about is the same thing.
That yes, we're going to
go toward more one world
government in the future.
But it will be of the people.
It'll be responding
to the needs of what--
>>GOLDBERG: It'll be democratic
and more spiritually based--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: --rather
than the games
that are being played today
with all the politics and all
the hypocrisy, and all
the negative stuff.
Of course, you're
dealing-- See, the problem
is institutions aren't so bad.
It's the people behind them.
If you had very
spiritual people involved
in heads of governments
and running these things,
we would have a
different organization.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>GOLDBERG: But the problem is
when you have paranoid people
with agendas and power issues--
>>REGINA: The
current day status.
>>GOLDBERG: Right, it's always
been that way going back
to the Egyptian Mystery Schools.
>>REGINA: Yes, it has.
>>GOLDBERG: It hasn't changed.
>>REGINA: It's a matter
of spiritual evolution.
>>GOLDBERG: Human nature
hasn't changed in 10,000 years.
You always have a top of the
pyramid with the presidents,
whatever, and then you go
down to the masses, what
they call the silent majority.
It's never changed.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: Think of
it in ancient Egypt.
If somebody said, I
got an idea, guys.
Let's sit around the campfire.
How about I'm pharaoh, and
you guys build me a pyramid?
What do you think, huh?
Well, somebody did that.
They were no different
than anyone else.
Actually, some of them
were time travelers.
We'll talk about
that with Egypt.
>>REGINA: Well, I know you're
familiar with Michael Cremo's
work, whom I just
interviewed a week ago.
And one thing we
were talking about
is the same thing came up,
this question of what's
going to happen to
us as a species?
Are we going to disappear?
Are we going to be eradicated,
blow ourselves to smithereens
or whatnot?
And he said, if you just go
back into the Vedas themselves,
the ancient texts, we
would be approximately
halfway through a particular
4 billion year cycle.
So we have a couple
billion years
before we need to be
thinking about going
into the sleepy stage as
a planet, as a galaxy.
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
my progression would
have shown that, number one.
And I don't know anyone
who's worth anything who's
got any credibility who
talks about gloom and doom
beyond this century
that's relevant.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: So understand,
people are negatively
programmed.
We just had the Mayan
calendar scam thing, OK?
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: December 21st.
That was just they ran
out of rock, you know?
I mean, the mentality.
How many predictions
of the end of the world
have there been,
about two dozen?
>>REGINA: Well, it was all
misinterpreted as well.
>>GOLDBERG: Of course.
>>REGINA: Now, I want
to get into a subject.
We've discussed
some of the beings
that people are
encountering in time travel.
Let's talk about
some of the beings
that we're encountering more
as what people would commonly
refer to as a guiding
force or an angelic force.
>>GOLDBERG: Like spirit
guides, you mean?
>>REGINA: And spirit guides.
>>GOLDBERG: Sure, sure.
>>REGINA: And one of
them I'm curious about,
because in the writings
of them they just seem
like they're very not only
capable, but willing, able,
and good all around,
are the Arcturians.
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, yes.
Sure.
>>REGINA: Can you talk
about the Arcturians a bit
and some of the
other species that
are helping us from
the other dimensions?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
the Arcturians are
considered to be
wise, very wise souls.
They're far beyond us.
Remember, a spirit guide
can't work with you
unless they're more
evolved than you.
The Arcturians have been
around quite a while
helping our species.
And they are just very
pure spiritual beings
that are there for us.
Now, we can ignore them.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: We have a
free will right here.
You see?
The Arcturian constellation is
about 34 light years away here.
So they've traveled,
but remember--
let me just explain-- people
say-- let me explain this, too.
How do these ETs get from
one end of the universe
to the other?
It's always the big problem.
The skeptics say, oh, come on.
All these light years?
What are going to do, hibernate
for billions of years?
There was a gentleman,
a Mexican physicist
by the name of Alcubierre,
Miguel Alcubierre.
In 1994, he came up
with what's called
AWD, which stands for
Alcubierre Warp Drive.
This is like Star
Trek, except it's real.
Now, it's a theoretical model.
We can't do this yet.
But what he said is this.
If you have a craft in what's
called the warp bubble,
and the fabric of spacetime
in front of it is contracting,
behind it is expanding,
you could exceed the speed
of light and slingshot
across the universe literally.
So even though it's 26, 25 light
years away from Zeta Reticuli,
they could come here
in a matter of weeks.
Not a problem.
Arcturians, again, they're
about the same distance,
a little farther away.
They can come here.
But they're very spiritual.
Now, another group--
>>REGINA: I was going to say,
how do you recognize them?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, they
will identify themselves.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: They
don't wear badges.
They don't have an ID card.
>>REGINA: No, I mean,
I'm just wondering.
Some have a very specific kind
of an energetic thumbprint,
so to speak.
>>GOLDBERG: And they can
also present themselves
any way you feel comfortable.
Because most of them-- like
a shape shifting mentality.
The Andromedans are even
better, because they're
ascended spirits.
They're absolutely perfect.
They are just like
Buddha complex.
They're done.
But they help us.
The Arcturians
are more relevant.
The Pleiadians are
also pretty positive.
And there are
other spirit guides
that help us that are not--
See, a spirit guide,
by definition,
is a being that was on-- had
a life in the human form,
or whatever form they
had, could be an ET,
and then has
crossed into spirit.
So they're in
between life phases.
So they're not-- they're astral
matter but not physical matter.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>GOLDBERG: And so
those are spirit guides.
Angels, of course,
are different.
They come from directly
from the God energy complex.
So they're perfect
beings from day one.
They were never human.
Where spirit guides were human.
You may have known a spirit
guide in a past life.
And now they're above you, but
now they're helping you out
and more spiritually evolved.
But the Arcturians,
like the Andromedans,
they're actual beings.
They actually are beings.
But they're extremely evolved.
And an experience with
them will leave you
just well off, better
off than you ever
were before in any
experience you've ever had.
>>REGINA: And my
understanding, too,
is that oftentimes there's a
commitment between souls, where
these beings will stay with
you lifetime after lifetime
after lifetime.
>>GOLDBERG: Sure.
Just like the time
travelers trace you, too.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: And
they're human beings.
They're not spirit guides.
They're actual, physical beings.
By the way, let me
make a point here, too,
to show you the difference.
It's very difficult for
someone to differentiate.
How do I know that the spirit
guide that connected me
with my dream levels
or helped me out
was either Arcturian,
was it my higher self,
or was it a time
traveler from our future?
>>REGINA: And that
is a big question.
Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: And you
don't know at first.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: Because
time travelers,
because they travel through
the fifth dimension, which
is invisible us,
guess what they do?
They interact with us
during our dream levels
when they're not going to be
traced by the Men in Black.
They can't trace them
in the fifth dimension.
And they can help you out.
Here's an interesting statistic.
Over 80% of major
scientific breakthroughs
have been done by
scientists who said
they got it in
their dream levels.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>>GOLDBERG: Most
artistic achievements,
the great portraits,
the great sculpting,
and other forms of
writing, et cetera
have been done by
people who will tell you
they did it-- Robert
Louis Stevenson,
many other authors will
tell you, I had a dream.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: I had the
brownies, you know,
when he wrote his famous novels.
>>REGINA: Especially in
the world of science.
>>GOLDBERG: And art, too.
So my point is that what
a time traveler can do
is interact with you
in your dream levels.
Let me give you one quick little
story about modern medicine
today.
Modern medicine would not exist
if it wasn't for pharmacology.
Pharmacology is based
upon biochemistry.
Biochemistry is based
upon organic chemistry.
Organic chemistry is based
upon the benzine ring.
They didn't know
about that in 1850.
They knew that
there was benzene.
They couldn't get the structure.
So one German scientist,
he was a chemist,
he was in his
laboratory in Bavaria
like in February
in the wintertime.
And his name was Kekule.
And one day he fell asleep
at his Bunsen burner
and had a dream in which
he was walking down
the park in May, a
nice beautiful day.
And a giant serpent
was chasing him.
And he's huffing and
puffing and running.
And the serpent's getting
closer and closer.
And he sees the shadow.
Finally, he turns around,
the serpent's right
above him, bites
its own tail, drops
dead right in front
of him forming a ring.
Kekule gets the Nobel
Prize in chemistry
for dissecting-- or
establishing benzine
as the basis of organic
chemistry, which
leads up to modern medicine.
He got it in the dream levels.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: What a coincidence.
I read a couple books
about the various people
throughout history
as well who've
gotten their information
in dream time.
And also in alpha state just
sitting on a bus, spaced out.
And boom, there it is as
soon as the mind is relaxed.
>>GOLDBERG: And they can be
communicating that way, too.
Because once you're
in alpha-- remember,
dreams are alpha brain waves.
You're out of the body, yes.
It's more extreme.
But you're in a hypnotic
level when you're dreaming.
You're not asleep.
You're actually awake
when you're dreaming.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about-- we only
have a couple minutes left.
Let's talk about how
a person can actively
go about-- proactively go
about creating a relationship
with either their higher
self or their spirit guides.
I know that you talk
about this and have
fabulous exercises in your book.
But just a little tease,
a little thumbnail sketch.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, think of
it if they just simply sit in
a relaxed, comfortable
position or lie down
on a bed or a couch.
Don't have anything distracting.
Don't have any incense
burning or any kind of smells.
Keep it very neutral.
And then just surround
yourself with a white light,
protect yourself.
OK, right?
And then simply just
send out the request.
And you're going to take
a couple of deep breaths
and neutralize your breathing.
Count backwards from, say,
10 to 1 to relax yourself.
And you'll actually be in
a light level of hypnosis.
Now, you're going to
send a request out.
I would like to meet
with my higher self.
And you have a specific issue.
I'd like to work
on a certain issue.
I want to increase my
abundance, meet a soul mate,
overcome an issue, a
medical issue, whatever,
any kind of goal that you have.
Just one at a time,
don't go crazy.
Because it won't work if
you try to be greedy here.
And then just
simply say I request
an audience with my higher self
in my dream levels tonight.
And I would like to have some
conscious memories of that
when I awaken.
Do that several times
on a daily basis.
You're going to relax
yourself, number one.
And now you're activating
the higher self.
And you're more likely to go
to the upper astral rather than
the lower astral
especially at night.
Now, one thing for your
audience, very important.
Half an hour before
going to bed is critical.
No matter what you
do during the day,
I don't care if you fight
with your corporate people,
your husband, wives, kids.
Never do that half an
hour before going to bed.
Read poetry.
Read something.
>>REGINA: Put yourself
in a lower frequency.
>>GOLDBERG: Put
new age music on.
>>REGINA: You don't want that.
>>GOLDBERG: Just do
something positive.
Read something positive.
Don't put the news on.
Forget that.
Don't deal with that.
Just something positive,
read something positive,
spiritual or just put some
music on, like new age music,
whatever.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: Whatever
your favorite music is.
Not rock music with
all the-- not rap.
OK?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: And then
do that a half an hour
before going to bed
with these instructions,
and then go to sleep.
If you do that, you're
more likely to go
to the upper astral
not the lower.
>>REGINA: Makes total sense.
You're in a nice bath of a nice,
clear frequently, instead of
lower gunky stuff.
>>GOLDBERG: And you'll leave
through the higher chakras,
preferably the crown chakra.
>>REGINA: Absolutely
wonderful talking
with you, just
thoroughly fascinating.
Bruce and I are going to
continue our conversation,
focusing on distant
recollections
of our distant,
distant past including
life in Egypt,
Atlantis, and Lemuria.
Meanwhile, you can go to his
website at drbrucegoldberg--
and that's D-R-brucegoldberg.com
You can go to Amazon and other
booksellers as well to check
out one of his many, many books.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]